you need to know that if you've never
run this channel before you have exactly
zero baselines you don't know what it
costs to get in front of your audience
you don't know what it cost to get
engagement you don't know what it cost
to drive traffic you don't know what
your conversion rates are from this
[Music]
channel the LinkedIn ads masterclass
learnings from a team that spends over
$12 million in ads each and every year
welcome back to a fresh episode of
Breaking bb.com I'm your host Sam
Dunning founder at breaking bb.com and
if you haven't yet why not join
thousands of Legends enjoying our
weekday newsletter for unusual B2B
marketing tips SEO case studies
experiments podcast updates and more
head over to breaking bb.com and hit
that newsletter tab so joining me today
I've got the LinkedIn ads Legend himself
JD Garcia JD is the head of revops and
strategy over impactable how are we sir
we are fantastic caffeinated had a good
breakfast and ready to nerd out on the
thing that I literally talk about every
day including weekends LinkedIn NS there
we go there there's no one better for
the job so we're going to be diving into
a whole bunch in this episode we're
going to be talking about if you're
ready for LinkedIn adds for your B2B
company which businesses are a fit not a
fit what you should avoid common
mistakes you see time and again a bit of
a step by step of kind of where you
should start and kind of thinking about
setting up ads creatives and much much
more and how you can start to measure
success Scala and also a spicy one
company ads or branded ads versus
thought leadership
ads so with that we never beat around
the bush on this this show jie first and
foremost How can I how can a btb company
tell if they are ready to start
investing in in LinkedIn ads yeah a good
way to tell is if you have ever invested
in the stock market and you've seen it
start to drop and you just have these
strong hands where you don't sell and
you can stick through it you're usually
gonna be someone who can uh do well with
LinkedIn ads so that's it's a little bit
of a joke a little bit of a joke but but
like on a serious note there's like the
black and white kind of like objective
things that you should have in order to
like even start on LinkedIn but I get
asked this question a lot it's like you
know which companies you know succeed
which ones make it and surprisingly and
I'll give a disclaimer here surprisingly
the the ones who have all the right
stuff let's say like Their audience is
on LinkedIn they can find them they have
product Market fit the deal size is
pretty large this is you know an extra
channel for them they're already
converting on another channel so they
have a good convert ver process like if
they have all that stuff and they still
fail it's usually a matter of either
Financial stamina or buyin from uh
leadership because um people come to
LinkedIn and think like oh LinkedIn is
gonna act like you know Google um like
paid search it's gonna act like you know
kind of like outbound and it's it's a
very very different tool like if if
you're trying to like hammer a nail and
you're hitting it with a screwdriver
like you're going to think the
screwdriver sucks it's like you're using
like the wrong tool so you really can't
compare it so you know when when you're
thinking about you know should I do
LinkedIn ads like maybe you you know you
follow Sam you've seen me you've seen
other people talking about it and you're
at this point now where you're like okay
we need to scale up we're not really
getting enough referrals we're not
really getting enough through our Word
of Mouth we're not really getting enough
through our partners like there's only
so much we can do to control that we
need to look at doing another Channel
there's a few things that you need to
look at doing first before you actually
go ahead and make that step and that's
what I'll talk about kind of touched on
it before that Sam anything you want to
clarify really quickly on that part
always plenty I want to dive into so one
of the first things you said make sure
your ICP make sure ID your client
profiles on
Linkin I suppose for most in your
experience is there ever any B2B service
companies Tech SAS companies you speak
to where it's like yeah your ICP is not
on LinkedIn yeah
yeah let's say like you're like in the
Ed Tech space and you're targeting let's
say smaller companies like they're not
going to have the people like let's say
let's let's say you do POS system for
restaurants and you're like well it's
B2B I'm selling to restaurants and
restaurants are selling to Consumers
yeah but those restaurants are spending
time where their clients are at so
they're really not on LinkedIn
especially if you're looking at some of
the smaller types of uh companies but
there's a way to test this so there's
there's two ways to do this one you can
use sales Navigator if you have it you
know God bless you if you do you can
replicate this and kind of in there the
second which is free would just be to
use campaign manager so if you don't
have an ad account create an ad account
it's free linkedin's gonna ask you for
your credit card number you don't have
to give it to LinkedIn just go set up
the account go and create a campaign so
create whatever campaign you want you
just hit you know create select campaign
whatever you want doesn't matter and
build out your ICP so you say I want
CEOs owner founder president pres
managing director I want them for uh
computer software or software
development and I want them for
companies that are you know 11 to 50 or
51 to 200 in headcount I want them in
let's say just the US uh so you select
permanent and you have kind of this
audience now you're going to get a
number on the top right hand side says
forecasted results that number just
tells you how many profiles that there
are but my brother-in-law was just
telling me was it yesterday it was his
birthday that has a LinkedIn account
that he never actually set up but it has
an old job uh that he had before so it's
like linkedin's creating I think you
know kind of like indeed it's like an
aggregator it's creating profiles for
people where people maybe created a
profile way back in the day it's
counting all of that that number that
that doesn't actually represent like the
actual people that are logging in so
what you can do just as like a proxy to
see how active that audience is is once
you have your entire criteria so you've
used you know and this and this and this
and this
you can then add a final one which is
called member traits so you go to
audience attributes you go to member
traits and then you select frequent
contributors that frequent contributors
will show you how much of that audience
has been active on LinkedIn within the
last 30 days um and that can be used as
a good way to determine how active that
audience is my general rule of thumb is
that audience should shrink to somewhere
between five and 10% of what that total
audience size is and if you have that
then that's a decent enough audience to
then justify getting something going
love it love the additional tip as well
about activity in the re last 30
days that's yeah that's a nice lad
because there's a lot of folks that yeah
yeah yeah just just adds that extra bit
of
relevance you tired of competitors
ranking above you on Google stealing
traffic leads and mind share from dream
clients every time they're searching for
your services or offers on Google
breaking B2B we fix that with our
unusual approach to SEO content
marketing and websites we craft B2B SEO
strategies and websites for Revenue not
vanity head over to Breaking bb.com to
check our results pricing or to book a
call with
me one point you mentioned as well so we
said ICP on LinkedIn you've dived into
that
nicely I think you said you should have
other channels running
already Yes before we
Geto I'll touch on the kind of like
product Market fit so a lot of this
comes down to like expectations so like
you may ask yourself a question right
now you may be like okay this sounds
good I can do this I can go do these
things how much money should I spend
well like it comes down to what your
expectations are right like if your
expectations are to be you know in the
black uh within a month I would just
tell you not to even start um but your
expectations will determine kind of like
what uh your investment should look like
but you need to know that if you've
never run this channel before you have
exactly zero baselines you don't know
what it costs to get in front of your
audience you don't know what it cost to
get engagement you don't know what it
costs to drive traffic you don't know
what your conversion rates are from this
channel maybe you have other channels
that you're doing this is going to be
different because you're stepping out in
front of people that weren't already
actively looking for a solution unless
you're using some type of you know
intent data but I I have different
feelings about that um but you don't
know you don't actually know so it's it
needs to be treated differently if if
you don't know who your audience is and
you don't really have product Market fit
well one of the things that you're going
to try to validate is whether or not
this audience really even wants what it
is that you're selling now maybe you're
a startup uh or maybe you're an existing
company and you have a new product
because you have some current you know
customers of yours that showed an
interest in this and you're like hm you
know maybe we could just create a whole
new motion you know for this but you
haven't tested it that's going to be
another obstacle for you as you're
trying to blaze your way to let's say
profitability so ideally an ideal
scenario you already have something that
you know people want if in a saturated
market like let's say you're doing you
know outsourced you know it services or
you're doing you know recruitment you're
you're doing placements like there's a
there's a fit for that now you just got
to try to find your little you know
section of the market and why you're
different in this kind of c um if you're
doing something new like let's say
you're doing on Prem AI for financial
services and and hospitals that are
heavily regulated so they really can't
take advantage of AI because of all the
security compliance but now you're
saying hey you don't actually have to do
things in the cloud uh you can do them
on Prem um and this you know makes it
easier and you're doing something that's
novel there's a bit of Education that
will need to take place there before you
can get people to the point that they're
ready to convert so it's a little bit of
a balance but ideally you have something
that's already been tested with the
audience that you're going after if not
buckle up that's going to be part of the
process yeah good point I
often there just like yourself when
we're talking to prospects that come to
us for SEO for their B2B company or
their s we're we're like you we like
we're not going to be the best fit for
every company there are times where
especially in SEO which is completely
different to LinkedIn if someone goes to
Google it's best place is a demand
capture Channel yeah so especially folks
like you touched on there that are maybe
in a category that's not as well known
might be a new type of offering a new
type of Niche a new type of service that
people aren't necessarily searching for
on Google in that case I I'll usually
tell them like SEO or paid search is
probably not your best bet because folks
aren't searching directly for your offer
the problem you fix or comparing you to
other options because they don't know it
exists but in that
scenario if if they are B2B prospects
that hanging out on LinkedIn would there
be better bet would their better option
be to look at LinkedIn ads and kind of
go down the educate education route do
you think yeah here here's the here's a
real simple
truth people can't buy from you if they
don't even know you
exist so you have to step out in front
of them if there aren't people that are
actively looking for your product
looking for your
solution um or this kind of like the
status quo has been the thing like hey
this is just kind of how it is um if
there if if there isn't already existing
awareness you have to go be the one that
creates it and this goes back to the
thing I was talking about with you know
expectations and you know I I call them
like a I call them like you know come to
Jesus meeting you know like like we got
to like come back down to reality here
um when it comes to kind of like
expectations because um and the
expectation usually with whenever you're
spending money is like you need some
type of return and ideally you need this
you know relatively uh quickly and if
that's the case um and you're thinking
about LinkedIn as being that potential
option I wouldn't recommend LinkedIn ads
for that you know most most of the time
there are some use cases where that can
make sense but I wouldn't recommend
LinkedIn for that most of the time uh
because LinkedIn in my opinion isn't
necessarily like a past fail channel
it's it's like in the same way you might
equivalate like marketing like if
someone asks you does marketing work or
does it not work or like SEO like does
it work or does it not work it's not
really a question of like past fail it's
it's like there's a scale like there's a
you know there's a there's a range here
so um if you're thinking about LinkedIn
ads and you're thinking about it as
being a channel for you I would
challenge you to think about this as a
long-term play and think about how can I
turn LinkedIn ads into one of my
strongest uh lead generation sources
within the next you know one to two
years and when you have that mindset
it's easier to align your expectations
and do the right things that will you
know get you to that
point this is a tough one I'd imagine
but gun to your head yeah someone comes
at you a a tough no exact J
realistically how long do we need to
invest in LinkedIn ads before we're
going to see something on the back end
be it whatever our our motion is maybe a
sign up maybe a demo maybe a sales cool
depending on how we how we go to market
what's your usual response you're not
allowed to say it depends pul the
trigger
sorry uh I don't know if you've seen the
new Deadpool movie but um I it's
basically like uh making educated wish
you know at that point because like I I
don't know like I I don't know um
there's a lot of like pressure put on
marketing and like
advertisers to like perform Miracles you
know but um like we really have no
control over this like the the best
thing that marketing can do is just help
people think of your name whenever it
comes a point in time where they need to
try to solve like the problem that they
have like there's going to be a catalyst
like right now in the business right in
in my role you know we're relatively
small we're like I don't know how how
many people we have now it's like 80
something people you know in the
organization right now I have a lot of
things I need to do like if you look at
my clickup list of stuff like I have a
ton of projects and they have a
hierarchy based on things that are like
kind of important to me there may be
something that someone reaches out to me
about on LinkedIn or something that I
see that's one of those lower priorities
and it may be interesting to me but I'm
not going to do anything about it right
now because there's 15 other things that
demand my attention this week and that's
where I think a lot of opportunity is is
kind of missed and that's where I think
um kind of like the mindset needs to
shift shift a little bit because we you
don't really have control over that so I
was kind of joking about pull the
trigger like please don't like I'll give
you I'll give you an answer just don't
kill me um you know I I I my default
response is like usually three to six
months because like I've seen this I've
done this enough times to just kind of
like see the trend um but I qualify that
with like Milestones so I know you're
not here in Texas Sam like I am right um
but I use this analogy a lot so I live
in San Antonio and Texas is pretty large
like I can drive eight hours West to El
Paso and I'm still in Texas I can drive
three hours East to Houston and I'm
still in Texas I can drive five hours
south to South Padre Island I'm in Texas
I can drive five hours North to Dallas
and I'm still in Texas I can go up
further if I want to go to Amarillo uh
but it's really large and like I use
this on analogy and it it helps people
kind of understand this but but think
about your marketing as like you trying
to drive let's say to Dallas so I'm in
San Antonio if I want to drive to Dallas
I gotta hop on the Interstate 35 and I
have to go I35 North for five hours to
get to Dallas okay my vehicle that's
going to take me there that vehicle
working that's my marketing efficiency
that's how well my car Works me driving
the right direction and going the right
high like up the right Highway that is
my marketing effectiveness that's how
effective I am at actually getting
towards my destination what happens a
lot of times is if you don't have these
things like you don't know the ICP you
don't know what the right offer is you
don't really have a good conversion
process like you can get people to your
website but can you get them to convert
once they convert can you actually turn
them into pipeline can you turn them
into Revenue because none of this stuff
matters even if you do great marketing
if you can't actually turn it into money
um but like these kind of things like
marketing uh efficiency side is like
basically like your vehicle and how well
you have things actually structured if
your tires are flat if you don't have
gas if you don't have you know
windshield wiper fluid if you have and
change your oil good luck even if you
hop on I35 North to go to Dallas you're
not GNA get there because you're highly
inefficient so there's an efficiency
aspect of this that you need to have
really kind of dialed in the other side
is the effectiveness side so let's say
your car has air in the tires you're
full on gas um I don't know like like
you know maybe you're driving at Eevee
right like you're fully charged whatever
like you have all of the things and then
you start driving South down to you know
the beach like you can be highly
efficient and go completely the opposite
direction and that's kind of the
strategy piece of it like you need to
make sure you're going the right way my
point about kind of the three to six
months when I'm talking about driving
from San Antonio to Dallas it's a five
hour drive and if there was no mile
markers or anything telling you you're
going the right way it would be really
difficult to continue driving because
that's a you know quite a long drive but
if I'm driving and I pass Austin okay
cool if I'm driving and I start seeing
the cities that are leading me up to
Dallas I feel better about hitting the
right direction so when I say three to
six months I mean three to six months to
see the things that show me that I'm
going the right direction so I feel good
about continuing to fill up my tank and
keep
driving got it lovely lovely analogy
there sir so we'll get into tactics in a
second and where B2B companies should
actually get started or what they should
consider before they even get started
which some of which you've covered
nicely now when it comes to your
proposition your offer your software
your tool is there a minimum do you feel
that our ACV that our average contract
value should be in order to make
LinkedIn ads efficient yeah yeah this is
uh this is a hard one because it it
depends on what you're selling and who
you're selling it to so I'll give you
I'll give you my answer and then I'll
give you an answer that's goes against
that so there's um there's what's
normally good and then there the
exceptions the things we should probably
focus on most are just like what
normally is good uh so like a ACV or
LTV um you know should be in my opinion
like
$5,000 plus $10,000
Plus for it to be worth it um otherwise
like the CPM costs what it costs to get
engagement like the amount it costs to
actually generate enough volume to then
convert like a percentage of that it
makes it very very hard to be profitable
if you don't have something that that
that's large enough to get people in um
so that's my general kind my general
kind of answer there the exceptions if
you are a b2p which is like business to
Pro consumer so it sits between like
consum consumer and business basically
you're targeting let's say like high net
worth individuals or affluent
individuals at companies um where you're
just targeting them for like kind of an
individual offer there are good plays
with Linked In where you can have kind
of a low ticket entry point but then you
have a good system to then upsell of a
portion of those on the back end I'll
give you an example of this let's say
you do uh let's say you do some type of
coaching for you know professionals
um and you have kind of three different
tiers you have a you know kind of Do-it
yourself where it's you know 100 bucks
or something you kind of get this kit um
that kind of helps you you have kind of
like a group setting class where you
know this group it's like a smaller
group of people you get some actual
FaceTime you know with the person and
then there's the kind of one-on-one
which is the really really high ticket
that one-on-one time tends to be charged
much much higher because that's the
hardest one to scale like even us for
example for a little while I tried doing
just some strategy Consulting uh for
individuals but it's just really hard to
scale like you give someone an hour of
your time then like you're not doing
other stuff that you can be doing so
like you you have to have some of these
other offers but when I'm talking about
this b2p play the initial offer is a
very low ticket it's you know two-digit
three-digit kind of offer but then you
have a system to then upsell those
people and then turn them into a higher
value client on the back end so you need
a really good system but that's an
option that can work the last one that
I'll talk about that's an exception is
if you're targeting um individuals
inside of organizations that are easier
to access meaning they're lower cost and
you have a good system to get a champion
inside of that or to then grow so a good
example of this would be is if like you
have a really like just really badass
like sass uh fremium offer where like a
sales rep for example could just get it
and start trying it and let's say they
start getting success so they up their
license uh or they start actually
spending more and more and more um if
you have something like that and you
have a really good retention and
conversion rate you can afford to spend
more upfront to acquire these because
you'll know that you'll make it up on
the back end but if you're hearing me
the thing that I'm saying for both of
these is you need a really really strong
system on the back end to be able to
grow that revenue and if you don't have
that I wouldn't even consider spending
money yet
yeah yeah yeah that that makes sense and
it almost feels a little bit like
reading some of Alex Orosi stuff around
offers and need magnets might even be of
use because I can
imagine you've got it there you sorry I
was gonna say I got my book here and I
can't even open my little cabinet to get
it oh no worries yeah right here look at
him yeah for Alex yeah
sorry those listening and he just pulled
out Alex M's lead lead uh what's it
called million dollar leads yeah
something like that good stuff cool man
so we've walked through are you ready
and a bit of a check list on that we've
walked
through kind of the estimated timelines
expectations before going in what you
should consider around your your
contract value and all that good stuff
so let's dive in and I'm sure there's
plenty more we can uncover as we go so
in terms of of a company's thought yeah
I checked some of the boxes some of this
sounds good I think I'm ready what what
are what is like step one of a process
when you're going into LinkedIn ads
what's the very first thing you should
do from a tactical standpoint yep uh so
walk you through step by step I'll say
this a little bit quickly thank goodness
this is recorded so you can go back and
maybe you include a transcript and
someone can just throw this into Ai and
whip up something easy for themselves
but this is exactly what you want to do
make sure you have a company page that's
connected you're a super admin on the
company page and make sure it's
Associated to your profile a lot of
times when people get started I'll see
that they have like the little gray
building for the company because they
didn't actually associate themselves you
know with the company so like make sure
you have that first you have that done
for your company page make sure that you
have some type of content Cadence
because when you spend money to promote
LinkedIn ads one of the common things
people do is they go look at your
company page think about if you're going
to go to a restaurant or something and
you go look it up on Google or Yelp
what's the first thing you do go look at
the reviews oh this has what three point
something Stars I don't want to go there
oh this one has 4.2 let's see what the
actual reviews are you go and you check
it out it's one of the many touches B2B
prospects make and it's something that
people just don't even like think about
because I'm just you know I'm gonna run
paid ads but make sure your company page
is cleaned up make sure you have some
type of regular content Cadence there
you know you if you're posting
personally just take that and repurpose
it there just have a presence and
ideally pin something at the top of your
company page that has some type of like
social proof or credibility where people
go to it they're like oh this company
got this award or this person said
something about them it's a little bit
like a trust play and you want to make
sure that people see that two is make
sure that your call to action button has
UTM tracking on it so you can actually
see when you're looking at ga4 what
traffic came from your company page as a
direct click and you can you know kind
of visualize that whenever I check out
companies like if I have conversations
with prospects or uh you know I'm doing
an audit from somebody I'll go look at
that and it's pretty interesting I can
use that as a way to determine how
sophisticated of a marketer they are
just by kind of these like it's the
details right it's a little attention to
detailed things you may think oh this is
kind of like silly are't we supposed to
be talking about LinkedIn ads why you
harping on about this these little 1%
things add up it it starts to stack so
these things are important so good
Banner photo make sure you have a good
logo high res don't have anything on
there that looks uh kind of tacky make
sure that all your employees in your
company are associated with it you can
put whatever you want you could put you
know you have 10,000 plus employees but
if people look and see how many people
work there and you have like three
people but you put you know 11 to 50 as
your headcount like people are going to
look at that and think like okay these
guys are not you know really telling the
truth so so do these things once you've
done that go create your ad account like
I said it's free it's easy to do create
your ad account if you're G to run ads
yes add your credit card and debit card
depending on what you spend linkedin's
going to charge you either every day
every other day just depending on um how
much you spend on there but add your
credit card debit card on there and then
the very very very very very first thing
you need to do is you need to go and get
the LinkedIn pixel and you need to
install that in the global footer of
your website you need to do that
immediately so you do that right away
and then your step two immediately after
you do that is you go into LinkedIn you
go to audiences you create an audience
you want to create a matched audience
not a predictive audience you want to
create a matched audience and you're
going to create a matched audience for
website visitors and you're going to
create three of them you're going to
create 180 days 90 days and then 30 days
those are the three kind of standard
audiences that you want step three
immediately after you do that is inside
of your default campaign group you're
going to go create just like a dummy
campaign so you're going to create a
dummy campaign you doesn't matter what
you have for targeting it doesn't matter
what you have you know in their you know
objective like none of that stuff
matters leave all the default settings
in there you're going to add those three
audiences that you created you're going
to take a company page post and use that
as the you know post you don't have to
create an ad or you can use their little
AI tool to create you know an ad
whatever you want to do just create an
ad launch that campaign and then
immediately pause that campaign the
reason why I'm telling you to do this is
because your website audience data is
one of the most important retargeting
audiences that you can have for your
campaigns because you can qualify that
website traffic with l linkedin's
filters but the sad part about this
particular audience is that it is not
retroactive so let's say you you know
you follow step one you follow step two
uh or maybe just follow step one but if
you don't create those audiences and if
you don't have those audiences tied to
some type of uh campaign it doesn't
matter if you have the pixel installed
you're not going to be able to use those
audiences and you really want to use
your website traffic now you may even be
saying well I don't really get a lot of
website traffic it does doesn't matter
you want to make sure that you have that
and by parking those inside of a pause
campaign it will keep those audiences
active for a little bit longer for when
you're actually ready to use them so
those are the three steps I I'll I can
talk a little bit more but let me take a
pause really quick love it so few few
interesting things like you say some of
these are just stuff that I might forget
I might not necessarily think about as
as a non- LinkedIn ads Pro but I like
the stuff just around the company page
like you say essentially make sure the
presence looks decent looks solid looks
professional have some some social proof
have some recent content rolling there
don't around that you've got
10,000 staff and then someone looks in
it's just you and your brother um so
yeah that'll that'll make sense UTM link
on the
CTA and then getting that tracking with
the LinkedIn pixel on your
website budgets you probably go on to
this but we didn't touch on it earlier
is there a minimum expectation that you
should have as a minim minimum ad spend
that you should assign to LinkedIn ads
just to make it
worthwhile yeah yeah this this depends
on again now I'll keep tying this back
to
expectations because like this is the
biggest variable here it's like what are
you expecting LinkedIn to do now I've
done a few audits for people where
they're just trying to test out kind of
like this thought leadership content so
they'll you know have a post that they
you know have and they'll do like a
lifetime budget and they'll spend like
you know 500 or500 just to kind of test
and see like what it actually gets and
then usually what the sad part is and
this kind of goes into mistakes I'm
gonna do I'm gonna do a little bit of a
tangent here but it's it's really
relevant is you need to make sure that
the money you're spending on LinkedIn is
is getting the data that you need and
that starts with making sure that you do
all of the technical things right so for
example when you build a campaign if
you're using a thought leadership post
and you're going to do this is kind of
like your initial test technically the
LinkedIn minimum ad spend is roughly
about $300 a month uh because they have
a $10 a day minimum ad spend so at a
minimum if you keep that running for the
entire month it's you know $300 you know
if you want to run it for a day then
it's you know $10 um but depending on
what your expectations are um and how
much budget you have to put here like I
think you know $500 to $1,000 if you're
just kind of dipping your you know
little toes in the water to see uh
what's there I think that's fine I'll
talk a little bit about the thought
leadership and about this test because
if you're hearing this right now and
you're somebody that again like this is
resonating with and you're like well
yeah I actually want to try this this
sounds interesting sure I can do those
steps that makes sense this seems you
know pretty straightforward the number
one mistake I see people make that
haven't been in LinkedIn before is they
leave all of the default settings and I
know that this has been just like
touched on so many times but it bear is
repeating you need to turn off audience
expansion so when you go into your
campaign you select your objective I'm
going to use thought leadership as an
example you can only select brand
awareness or engagement as your
objective if you're selecting a thought
leadership content which means you're
promoting a personal post from an
individual at the company you can only
select those two objectives so let's say
you select brand awareness as an example
um well brand awareness you're not going
to be able it's going to be harder to
keep it at that $10 a day because it's a
CPM bid but we won't get into that um
the first thing you want to make sure do
when you do your audiences is you want
to make sure that you're you change the
location to permanent so it defaults
recent or permanent change that to
permanent because what people will do is
they will create an account and they're
in another country and then they will
change themselves to be like in New York
or somewhere in the US so you know it's
advantageous for them and we don't want
to Target those people uh so make sure
you change that to permanent and then
when you go through and you select your
targeting criteria make sure you use and
and not or so many times when I've
audited account
I go in and I'm like okay let's you know
let's start with this one that spent you
know I don't know
$2,500 and then you open it up and the
audience size is like 20 million people
like who who did this like you didn't
really like you didn't no one looked at
that and thought you know targeting you
know a tenth of the population of the US
like that sounds good you know um so
just make sure that you select and when
you're picking your criteria so job
title and Company size and
Industry and you know whatever else you
want to use if you're using skills you
might try to order that or if you're
using groups you might try to order that
depending on the audience size but a
decent audience size and this is one of
the LinkedIn recommendations that I
think is valid is around 50,000 now your
audience size is your audience size so
don't take that as a rule that it needs
to be 50,000 if you're doing like an ABM
motion or let's say you only work with
you know service now uh customers
because you know you're one of the
partners and it's actually only you know
a couple thousand companies that you can
focus in on like who cares don't worry
about that number but if you're not and
you have this pretty wide universe then
you do want to kind of narrow that down
a little bit 50,000 is a decent amount
you can go up you know 100,000 150 200
once you go higher than that like you
probably should look at segmenting or
you probably should uh try to trim that
down a little bit more separate
conversation um but make sure you and
everything and then the two things you
need to make sure you do right below the
audience criteria there's a little
button that says enable audience
expansion it's checked uncheck that box
LinkedIn is going to throw a tum they're
going to tell you no please don't do
this um you'll get you know so many more
clicks you'll get all this other stuff
yeah because it's targeting people that
in no way shape or form resemble
anything like you put in for your actual
targeting criteria so turn that off and
then right below that there's a little
box that has the placements it used to
be that that box was just exposed now
you have to actually click to go ahead
and drop that down and you want to turn
off the link ledin ads Audience Network
now the LinkedIn ads Audience Network
which I've used uh kind of sparingly
here and there where where it made sense
and there are some use cases for it but
it's very rare um but what it does is it
pushes your content off of LinkedIn into
its like third-party network of sites
and if you like if you ever if you don't
believe me and you want to run a test on
this create a campaign that has LinkedIn
Audience Network on LinkedIn Audience
Network off for your LinkedIn Audience
Network on campaign use different UTM
codes and then go look at the website
behavior in ga4 and there will be a
stark difference between traffic that
was generated from LinkedIn and then
traffic that came from you know the
Audience Network but just just trust me
on this please just don't do it um so
you've done that so your audience is
good audience suspension off your
Audience Network is uh off um now you
get down to bidding for Thought
leadership content you can just start
with Max delivery now maybe you were
expecting like some you know really
tactical super cool trick uh for this
but there really isn't For Thought
leadership campaigns assuming the
content's actually good um you can just
do Max delivery and you'll get really
like good cost per click really good um
CTR so like do that this is like the
first page of when you're actually
creating your audience please please
please don't ever follow any of the
shortcuts that are available if there's
the like AI Accel which will help you um
build campaigns faster but like just
know like if you go to you know the
grocery store versus going to a
convenience store you always pay more at
the convenience store because you're
paying for convenience same thing you're
paying for convenience and you do not
want to do this when it comes to your
marketing budget so just buy the you
know buy the bullet go through the
actual process build it out yourself um
but that's the first page the second
page is the actual selecting the content
but quick pause Sam anything you think
we should clarify yeah you you've
covered a lot of ground so one thing I
do I think a lot of it was
self-explanatory and helpful around the
technical side of things and mistakes to
avoid thought leadership ads versus
company
ads where should we start give us a
quick snapshot for anyone that's maybe
heard of thought leadership ads and
perhaps isn't sure the difference as
well yeah yeah so thought leadership ads
are going to be um basically content
that you post or someone from your
organization posts on their profile now
it's not exclusive exclusive to that you
can actually use content from people
outside of your company but that would
be a separate conversation in the
interest of keeping things simple we
just talk about content published from
thought leaders within your company so
one of like the superpowers of LinkedIn
at least that we've s we found is
actually combining a organic presence
and content strategy with paid ads and
it is very very powerful the the more
the most calories you'll burn with the
organic content on LinkedIn is the
actual time to go and then create the
content
but if you're like a successful business
you're talking to clients you have a
pretty strong you know product there's
stuff that you want to say and there's
people that want to actually hear that
so if you're posting that content on
your LinkedIn account and if you're just
using the in you know the native
analytics tools that can give you some
information I like using Shield app
which is a Content tool it's like 15
bucks a month um it'll allow you to kind
of tag different um pieces of content
and kind of see the analytics you know
just for you know all your post or a
certain time period um but the thing you
want to think about when it comes to
pairing that with LinkedIn is the two
words so there's reach and there's
relevance so reach is like I have a post
that has 800 something reactions because
I talk about how I got fired you know
from this job I was at for five years
and how I learned to you know always
work on myself and prioritize myself and
that got a lot of you know reactions but
you know no leads from that it just you
know it was relevant to a lot of people
or it was interesting to a lot of people
but the stuff that I get you know DMS on
are things that are like really really
specific so I did a post I think it was
last week um where I talked about cppy
which is the conversion API which is
relatively new with LinkedIn where you
can either connect a static let's say
CSV list or connect your CRM using some
type of middleware like you know zappier
and you can basically uh not using
cookies get better conversion data that
you can use as signals to figure out
what in your marketing is actually uh
working but that post got like I don't
know 13 or 14 reactions like I got
nothing um but then I got like two DMS
you know from that so when you're
thinking about thought leadership
content you want to think about the
stuff that results in organic leads on
LinkedIn and that's the stuff you want
to promote so um the company page
content so company ads versus thought
leadership ads uh company ads you can
use pretty much any objective thought
leadership ads you can only use brand
awareness and engagement objectives but
here's the thing that you need to keep
in mind this isn't like a this one works
and this one doesn't they're all all
different pieces of the puzzle here
they're all different pieces of the
journey it's like going to the gym and
you're like is it better to work out you
know arms or legs it's like I mean both
right definitely don't Skip Leg Day
always arms yeah every day is up a body
day right every day is a
bench bench and then pants right and
sweatpants um but like you know you need
to you need to do both like you need to
you need to do both so here's the thing
I'll tell you about this and I see this
mistake happen and I will save you some
heartache and some frustration do not
put thought leadership ads and Company
page posts because you can boost company
page posts do not put those in the same
campaign why Bel leadership ads are
still kind of like in a bit of honeymoon
phase um although I'd argue you know at
least for like the early adopters and
the people that are super active on
LinkedIn it's it's starting to get you
know outside of that phase um but right
now it still looks pretty native when
you a thought leadership post and you
see a person the only way you're going
to know that it's actually a promoted
post is like right below the person's
name it'll say promoted by the actual
company but if you're not really paying
attention it looks and feels like just s
regular organic posts and usually these
posts have quite a bit of Engagement
which is one of the reasons why you
decided to take it and run it in the
first place and people tend to interact
with these posts at a much higher rate
than company post and the same is true
for organic content think about organic
content like what does better when you
post from your personal page or when you
post from your company page it's always
going to favor the individual and the
same is true with paid ads and if you
combine those into one campaign you are
going to run the risk of the budget
being cannibalized by your thought
leadership content and your company ads
getting zero love whatsoever now maybe
you're clubber maybe you've done a
little bit of LinkedIn ads and maybe
you're thinking to yourself well JD
isn't there an option if inside of the
uh creative page when you're building
the campaign isn't there an option for
me to go in there and select rotate ads
evenly and if I selected that wouldn't
it just evenly distribute all of those
ads uh to my
audience yes and no so how rotate ads
evenly works is it basically will enter
each one of those ads into the auction
and then that ad may or may not win the
bid in that auction to even be shown to
an individual so even though you select
rotate ads evenly what it means is it's
going to rotate them in the actual
auction but it doesn't mean that they're
going to win every single time so you
need to be careful about how you're
doing this especially now that we have
less visibility so I'm gonna I'm gonna
rant a bit more here but this is
important there used to be something
that you could see with your campaigns
called a campaign quality score if
you've you know done paid search if
you've done pretty much anything um you
know you you know there's basically like
a health score that tells you how the
platform is uh rating you and how
LinkedIn works is that campaign quality
score is a scale from 1 to 10 and what
LinkedIn will do is it will multiply
your bid amount by that quality score
and then that's what get that's what
gets used in the auction so let's say I
am just a terrible you know Mark
marketer uh the audience I have isn't
like you know super dialed in uh the
content that I'm using is like so broad
like my audience is small business
owners uh in in on planet Earth um which
is you know everyone um and then let's
say my messaging is just super super
broad what linkedin's going to do it's
going to have a predictive CTR it's
going to estimate what the CTR is going
to be it's going to use that to
determine what my actual quality score
is and if I have a very very low quality
score let's say it's like a one what's
going to happen is when I bid you know
my $20 or $30 for a click which I would
never do but remember I'm a terrible
marketer it's going to multiply it by
that and that's GNA be what I go to the
auction with meanwhile we have Sam here
who's like a beast uh at LinkedIn ads
and his campaign quality score is a 10
and Sam's gonna glow ball he's gonna bid
five dollar because you know he knows
he's gonna win his actual bid is $50 and
now he beats me at the auction even
though I have a higher campaign quality
score so it's really important um when
you're thinking about running these ads
and you're thinking about how you
structure your campaigns that you keep
similar content together the same is
true with video content and I'll I'll
I'll promise I'll take a breath after
this last one if you're listening and if
you're taking notes or if you pause or
something but I'll take a little break
um video content if you're running video
ads and you select let's say like a
video views objective linkedin's gonna
optimize towards people that are most
likely to consume the video but if in
that campaign you have one video that is
10 seconds long and then you have
another one that's a minute and then you
have three that are two minutes long
well of course linkedin's going to
optimize towards the 10-second one
because it's the one that's going to
have the highest completion rate because
it's just it's just so short so whenever
you're running even video campaigns you
need to ensure that you keep uh the
links relatively similar so that
LinkedIn can actually do its job of
optimizing the correct one now I'm GNA
take a breath good stuff good stuff lots
to lots to go through and like you said
encourage anyone that's either listening
or watching to to go back because
there's a lot to lot to take notes on
here especially in the setup now let's
let's go a little bit deeper into
thought leadership some of this stuff
you touched on JD but does a company
need to have one of their exacts one of
their team members that's succeeding in
organic LinkedIn so they're getting some
traction and by traction I mean they're
getting some engagement on their post
they're getting some comments from their
target market from their target ICP
in order to make thought leaderships ads
viable uh not
necessarily um this depends uh on you
know do you like spending money you know
if you like spending money then hit me
up because I can help you um but
seriously um if you haven't if you don't
already have it an established presence
on LinkedIn and you're starting to post
organic content like buckle up it's
gonna be quite a ride because now you're
going from San Antonio to Dallas and
you're going on foot okay and I don't I
don't know how long that's going to take
but it's it's definitely more than five
hours um the challenge with the the
organic content and building that up is
that you really don't have a ton of
control over who's going to see the
content now yes you can post content and
you can use hashtags or you can join
groups and you can share you know the
content there uh or you can have an
active kind of like Outreach strategy
where you're every week going and
connecting with people that meet your
ICP criteria starting to nurture those
relationships and expanding the number
of people that would be exposed to your
content but all of this stuff is going
to take time my comment earlier about
you know you like spending money you can
accelerate the amount of signal and data
you get back by promoting these posts
and then figuring out what exactly works
so let's say you just started posting
content a month ago
and you know some of them get like two
or three reactions and then you're
looking at you know Sam's posts and
you're like this guy got like 30
something like and he's just you know
he's over here interviewing people who
have no idea you know what uh SEO is um
like I'm never gonna get there like it
it takes time and you don't need to
dominate like a huge you know swath of
the market like you just need to find
you know your little slice of it and
then go and and dominate that so first
off don't look at that um but if you
have those kind of bits of reactions
that you're getting initially you can
then take that content and accelerate
the number of eyeballs that are seeing
it and then start to get feedback on
what people are actually interested in
now if you're taking that strategy my
advice to you would be to do two things
one select an engagement objective
because if you have an audience size
that's relatively large LinkedIn can
optimize towards people that still meet
your ICP criteria um but are more likely
to engage with content because they've
done it in the past so i' recommend
doing that and you will pick up
reactions you will pick up comments
you'll pick up some of these signals
that you can then use to inform what
next layer of organic content that you
go and you produce so that's one number
two is kind of going back to like the
little stuff like make sure your profile
is optimized you know good profile photo
not something that you had cropped you
know at the Christmas party three years
ago um make sure you have a good Banner
photo like there's people out there you
can go look them up that do profile
optimizations and they you know charge
you a couple hundred bucks like it's
worth it like make that profile sexy
like have everything there have links to
different articles um you know have your
team give you endorsements or
recommendations make sure your about
section is really dialed in like treat
your profile like a landing page don't
treat it like a profile that you know
maybe you're going to look for a job
later like treat it like an actual uh
landing page make sure that your call to
action button that you have is something
that's you know valuable like for mine I
think I haven't checked it in a while
maybe I'm being a little hypocritical
here I should go check that but I think
for mine I'm using link tree and I just
basically kind of link to different
stuff uh that's on there but you want to
have something that's going to be uh
valuable so that's two I know I said two
but there's actually a third one uh the
third one is you need to make sure that
you actually engage with the people that
are commenting on your stuff so you'll
get depending on how you have
notification set up you'll get two
notifications you'll get one if it's
your organic content so let's say you're
the busy CEO get someone else to be able
to manage that for you but you're going
to get notifications of actual comments
that pop up you need to make sure you go
respond react engage with those uh
people the second notifications you'll
get will be actually from campaign
manager if you have those notifications
set up so if you have somebody else on
your team or someone from the company
that sees those comments you know on a
daily or you know every other day basis
make sure someone is going in and
actually responding and engaging with
those people because uh people look at
that same thing like I mentioned earlier
for a restaurant if you go and you look
at the Google reviews and you go and
look at the Yelp reviews and you see
people like saying stuff um and there's
no one from like the business that's
refuting it or responding like hey red
flag that kind of goes up but if someone
complained about something and then you
see that the business responded and said
we're so sorry about that we'll be able
to take care of it like you feel good
like everybody's going to make mistakes
like no one expects to company or
individual to be per like perfect um but
you need to have that presence you need
to respond you need to engage um so you
just need to make sure that you're
monitoring that uh the comments and
responding you know uh to them and I
forgot why we're talking about this you
had a question and then yeah yeah yeah
that's I mean it's good stuff right I
was I was asking about thought
leadership ads and I was asking if you
should look for signs of success from
either yourself or perhaps your founder
or your exec team from organic and then
look to amplify that with paid if that
makes sense and it sounds like long
story short it probably is because it's
going to be a lot tougher to grow that
and scale that although you could
amplify it with paid but then you're not
necessarily sure if it's going to hit or
not whereas if you've seen those signs
of success in organic post which is my
plan actually with breaking B2B to start
amplifying some of those posts that have
done well on an organic standpoint so
whether that was like breakdowns or case
studies or how-tos or tips or
experiments and then bit like you folks
impactable with yourself and and Justin
um to look to start get that to the ICP
I got a good idea for you and this can
kind of like be for everybody too but uh
this is something that you can do which
would be pretty cool uh to do so we know
that like most people on LinkedIn are
lurkers like they don't respond they
don't engage they don't comment they
don't do like some of the stuff that we
do but you know they're on there like
sometimes I'll talk to people and
they're like yeah I've been following
you or I've been seeing your stuff and I
like I have never seen your name once
like on any of my stuff how dare you you
know support me uh just kidding but um
something that you can do is you can
create an artificial content Journey for
people without needing them to actually
do anything so here's how you do it
video is the easiest way to do it but if
you don't have video you don't
necessarily need to do that um but you
run a short form video clip like let's
say it's 20 you know 30 seconds uh you
know if it's under 20 seconds it's going
to auto replay so it increases the
chance of you actually capturing data
from people if it's 30 seconds it won't
but you know um but you know short video
content and then you build out your
matched audience from that into your
next layer and you can run a single
image thought leadership content in
parallel with a video uh content and
basically you just waterfall people from
One Stage to the next by using the video
views matched audience you can do like
75% or something within the last you
know 30 days if you want to keep it
narrow and you can basically just
waterfall people every single month into
a new layer of content without them
actually needing to do anything at all
like they simply just stopped and
scrolled uh and started watching but you
can build like this three four five six
layer kind of you know Journey for
people over a six-month period where
they see different content every single
month as they move through your uh
funnel and they it's not dependent on
them actually clicking on anything so
you can do this for Thought leadership
content and it's one of the reasons why
thought leadership content has such a
high CTR even though it's not high
intent and that what I mean by that is
for engagement in brand awareness
campaigns the chargeable clicks inside
the LinkedIn dashboard are pretty much
any interaction so they breathe on the
ad like they're looking at it and
they're breathing on it really hard like
that's a chargeable click in linkedin's
eyes which means that if you are very
very heavy on thought leadership in your
top of funnel campaigns and let's say
you're running in your middle of funnel
campaigns like stronger calls to action
you're going to have a very very large
audience and most of the audience is
going to be comprised of people that
just clicked see more because it was a
truncated post it didn't mean that they
were ready for a sales conversation or
ready for a demo but you're going to
drown out the people that maybe have
visited your website pricing page uh
that have taken like a stronger cost
action you're going to drown them out
with all the people that have actually
engaged with your your ad content so the
strategy I'm talking about for you Sam
right now and for anybody that's
interested in this is having essentially
kind of like a Content Journey for uh
your kind of target audience that is
just a thought leadership content so it
kind of operates in a bit of a silo even
though you can use those audiences for
separate things if you want to build off
ramps for them to actually you know go
and convert uh but you can create this
journey for people and I've done this
before um as well so you can use thought
leadership content to do this this you
can also break out 90day audiences into
30-day uh buckets so if I have something
in my top of funnel campaign that is
like very exciting it's very sexy it's
very interesting and I know that if
people engage with it um that it's an
indicator of high interest what I can do
is instead of moving them down into just
a bucket of zero to 90day you know
audiences is I can build out a zero to
30day matched audience I can build out a
six zero to 60-day matched audience and
exclude the zero to 30-day and then I
can build a zero to 90 day and then
exclude the Z to 60 day so essentially
every single month that person is
logging in they're saying content that's
uh like in that different kind of stage
of the funnel again without needing to
actually uh do do anything the tradeoff
here because everything's a trade-off
like no matter what you do you're going
to trade something off is is you do need
to have a considerable amount of content
good content to be able to pull this off
but once you do the initial build the
maintenance of it isn't too
taxing I like it I like it that does
sound useful for folks that are posting
regularly yes and like you said have a
backlog of content they can tap into is
when to to wrap things up with with a
last bit of tactical kind of walk
through when it comes to actually and I
guess there there's a couple parts to us
when it comes to I suppose from a
company perspective thought leadership
to one side when it comes to
building out those
creatives and thinking about I suppose
funnel stages like how do you link like
grabbing for example we've we've
installed our insights tag on our
website so we're collecting that data
and like you touched on some points
there maybe we've got some data that for
folks that have been to our website a
few times been our pricing page been on
our demo page whatever whatever High
intent page they are how do we consider
kind of building creative and matching
it to those audience and then on the
flip side matching to perhaps colder
audien's considerations there yeah yeah
so you you want to think about so think
about think about how we got like two
minutes right geez uh well we can go
over unless hard stop uh maybe a little
bit um okay so you want to think about
think about your audiences and think
about your segmentation in terms of what
that audience is likely to do so um in
my cold layer campaigns what is my goal
well my goal is just to get them curious
enough to take some type of action that
acts as like a digital hand raise I
don't need them like yeah sure I'd love
for them to book a call uh but I don't
really need them to do that because
that's not usually how B to be you know
prospects work they're not just you know
fiddling their thumbs at their desk and
see something and they're like oh this
looks cool let me sign up for a call
like most people are are called adverse
because they're trying to protect their
time so in your top of funnel campaigns
you're really just trying to peque their
curiosity enough to get them to do
something that allows you to funnel them
into your next layer in terms of the
actual segmentation and segmenting
people by let's say levels of intent
it's really going to depend on how large
those audiences are so the minimum
audience size to be able to run a
campaign on LinkedIn is 300 people and
maybe you're looking at your website
analytics and you're saying well I get a
thousand you know visitors to my profile
you know every single month well that's
great but linkedin's not going to be
able to match all of those because it's
cookie based so you may have a thousand
website visitors but when you look at
your matched audience for that
particular page maybe there's only you
know 400 people and now you need to go
in and add your ICP criteria because
just because they visited that page
doesn't mean that they're the actual
person that you want to talk to so when
you kind of get down to it and what I
found even with companies that are
pretty large um and have quite a bit of
traffic is that it gets very very
difficult to do the level of let's say
hypers segmentation that might make
sense when you're thinking about let's
say B2B B to C where it's like more you
know personalized so it's it's a
challenge to to do that so you need to
consider your actual audience sizes when
you're thinking about this um when
you're thinking about doing this and
then in terms of the content so when you
have these high intent uh actions that
are taking place there should be
different things happening at once to
that audience what I don't want to do is
I don't want to hit someone over the
head with leion form
uh with a book a call um ad over and
over and over and have that be just the
only thing that they see I want them to
have a variety of content so if I'm
thinking about how I actually structure
this in my middle of funnel campaigns I
want to help educate I want to help
build some trust I want to help uh
demonstrate kind of my you know unique
POV um and and show kind of our
expertise but then I also want that you
know bottom of funnel higher intent
layer so ideally those would run at the
same time time and it's kind of like
redlining your your your vehicle yeah
you can do that for a little bit but if
you do that for too much you're going to
burn out your engine and in this case
you're going to damage the reputation of
your brand so if you have a bottom of
funnel campaign that's more High intent
that does have that stronger CTA
typically what I recommend doing is
using like a zero to 30 day audience for
that so that people don't stay in there
too long because you're just going to
you know you're going to annoy them um
if you keep hitting them over the head
with that too much and that's not
something actually that they they want
to do so you just you need to kind of
take that into consideration but the the
biggest variable here and this is the
thing that you need to figure out for
yourself is you need to figure out what
those audience sizes are because that's
going to help you determine what your
campaign architecture looks like and
then what pieces of content you need to
fill in those
pieces one last thing and then we'll
wrap this up any recommendations when it
comes to messaging or creative or any m
mistakes that folks should AV always
want avoid now they've got kind of the
the base of the tactics and the
technicals yeah yeah keep in mind the
device on which your audience is
actually consuming content so most
people consume or uh use LinkedIn on a
mobile device now during working hours
and you can test this if you run Tex D
campaigns which your desktop only you
run them you know kind of 24 hours a day
you'll see that Monday through Friday
usually Tuesdays are like the highest
Day when people are at their computer I
don't know why it's just how it is um
and on LinkedIn but um most people are
going to access LinkedIn from a mobile
device and not everybody's going to use
the same font size that you use like I
had lasic you know a few years ago so
like my screen's like super super like
the fonts you know super tiny um but
other people may not other people may
use you know larger font um so you want
to just kind of bear that in mind but
the biggest thing with creative is that
you want to make sure that your content
looks good on their actual mobile device
so you should this isn't like a silver
bullet like hey just one simple hack and
you know LinkedIn you know shareholders
hate this one simple trick like this
isn't this isn't a hack um but square is
usually a pretty good ad format so 1
12200 by 1200 it looks good on mobile it
looks good on desktop you should use a
variety so you can use horizontal you
can use uh horizontal you can use uh
vertical ads uh you can have a little
bit of a variety but you want to keep
that consideration and then the other
thing which is really really huge huge
when it comes to creative um is you
don't want text Heavy um ads the goal of
your creative content follows this exact
order your image or your video needs to
get people to stop scrolling let's use
image for example because image and
video a little bit different image your
image is just needs to get people to
stop stop scrolling that's it need to
capture their attention they need to see
that and think H and just kind of glance
at that there's you know number on there
there's something on there that catches
their eye your intro text which goes
above the image that needs to do the job
of explaining more and then keeping that
Curiosity now you can do truncated if
you want um where I think it's longer
than 140 characters and they'll have see
more um if you do that then when people
click on that you will have retargeting
uh data available but it's not going to
be as high intent as if somebody
actually clicks to go to the website
which website visit objective is the one
that allows you to make that distinction
between uh matched audience creation
um but that intro text like that needs
to do the heavy lifting for you like
again image is important and it's not
like you know what's more important like
you know your legs or your heart or your
lungs or your kidney like each one
serves a purpose and in this case they
actually stack on top of each other but
the image needs to stop them the intro
text needs to keep them interested they
need to read that and it needs to nudge
them and then the headline which is what
goes next to the call to action button
that needs to go ahead and bring it on
home uh so you want want to just have
that same theme that carries on and then
for the CTA button just use learn more
don't use register don't use subscribe
don't do request demo um if you you know
if you're in contact with your LinkedIn
rep they can you know give you some
numbers behind this but you know when it
comes from like CTR standpoint all those
other ctas even for like bottom of
funnel stuff all those other ctas just
dwarf in comparison to learn more and I
think it's because you know people don't
want to commit to something um so learn
more seems like no you know yeah I'd
like to learn more you know not asking
me to do anything um really so use that
as your your CTA um and you'll be in
good
shape there we go JD appreciate the
master class thanks for running through
everything in such detail and I
appreciate the analogies yeah lot lot
that to to nicely break down with the
with the Texas and the vehicle and and
all that good stuff so really appreci at
time I'm sure folks listening or
watching are going to have plenty of
questions so where is the best way for
them to reach out or connect with
yourself and the team at impactable yep
uh yeah so my DMs are a hot mess um and
uh but you you can reach out to me on
LinkedIn uh I really hope one day
there's a better sorting system than
just selecting St and short and sorting
by that in LinkedIn uh but you can find
me on LinkedIn JD Garcia uh hit me up I
have my profile set to open so even if
we're not connected you can go ahead and
shoot me a message but I I post a bit of
uh content there but that would be the
best place to
retreat awesome man we'll put all of the
links to the impactable site your
LinkedIn profile below and with that
thanks once again sir I really enjoyed
the the walkthrough yeah thanks
everybody no worries man and as always
if you enjoyed today's episode why not
doing thousands of B2B Legends enjoying
the newsletter head over to Breaking
bb.com hit that newsletter Tab and
you're going to get unusual B2B
marketing ideas experiment and fresh
podcast releases in your inbox each and
every weekday and with that thanks very
much for listening and watching we shall
catch you on the next one cheers
[Music]